# CPSC 411 Project
## How to run the program
- run the command "make" to compile all of the needed java and jflex files
- run java Scanner_main [test_file]


## Documentation
- I decided to document my code in the README file instead of javadocs because I feel like I can be more direct and clear using a README. Please let me know if you prefer Java docs I can use Java docs to document my code in the future!

### Scanner_main.java
- Scanner_main is the main class for the program. Scanner_main contains the main method and is what you want to run in the command line (java Scanner_main [input])
- main(): This is the main method of the program. The main method accepts a command line argument which should correspond to a test file and return the token and lexemes identified in the file. This program is capable of accepting multiple test files a time but the program will exit and not run the other files if it runs into a fatal error

### Token_Generator.java
- The Token_Generator class provides methods that return token from a test file
- Token_Generator(): the constructor for the Token_Generator class take in a String argument **file_name** and creates a BufferedReader object with it. With the BufferedReader object a Yylex object is created, this is used to identify tokens and lexemes laters
- getToken(): This function grabs the current Token object from the Yylex scanner and returns it

### Token.java
- Much of this class was provided in the tutorial sessions
- The Token class contains all of the attributes for a Token including token type, lexeme and line numbers for each Token that is read by the scanner
- This class has 4 member variables
    - TokenType type: the type of token (ID, etc)
    - String attr: the lexeme
    - int linemo: the line number
    - String group: This variable described the group that the token belongs to (String, Number, Invalid, etc). This is used to help format the output text
- Token(): This class has three different constructors the usages depends on the token type. For example a ID token would require a different constructor than a symbol token since the id need to include the attr (lexeme) value. If the token is a String, the leading and ending quotation marks are removed.
- toString(): toString returns a string containing the attributes of the token object (group, token, lexeme, line number) in the desired format

### Yylex.java and scanner.l
- this java file was automatically generated by JFlex from the scanner.l file
- In the scanner.l file I essentially just return a token object whenever a token was found in the test file. If a fatal error occurs I print a reasoning message to the console and exit(1)